Thank you for your opponent Peach first
Oh I Naa dangerous
People who come in the air are read uh
Switch A
Do not hit
Oh early
Buttock deviation
Operation store
Awful school
Oh
Already
Atanashi
ok number
Anyway , I 'm back, but this is a beach 3 cars
I wonder is
I do not know
It is good at development store
Followed Tei
Go
Christophe usually gives up
What
Well then if it is this ah eyes
Oh it is Well being read by Oh ended up doing over over
It will be too sweet
Liked shooting
I think I'll do my best without giving up until the end
Stop
So i hate it is strong
Firmly guard
There is no Kobe, but it is useless
After all, the landing site is
Is being read
come back
It is scary to go or Atan nine 4 A way
j
It was uncontrollably in somehow 22 par
It is decided to be beautiful
Ah
A little too greedy
I love you
Yapu Rina Arya is Iteru
The sweet
C is weak
Dangerous I'd intend doing weak well
In other words
I was there
why な 文 文 と 当
Follow
Now Usso
Now the strong is this to avoid
It has to go dangerous gap that decided me
There is a time when I can not delete it
Large dangerous cormorant
Bad and bad
No matter how much I can not do
Cohabitation
4 It will be worth the investment ah ah
Although the auto
It is useless
Point
Well then 8
That was soggy in the above date ｰｰｰｰ
Peach strong
The same person's pc as before
What happens
No
Chofu Chofu
Dangerous
Unconnected water
Oh read or not grandma's
chance
No good or not by water
Naa be avoided
However
Te' into the good feeling
It is strong next to the sky of peach
To feel good even uh
It happens, is n't it?
After all Ya
Is there any side force ?
It's kinda strong
Good
so
Something
That's right
Useless be avoided chance fluorine
Is there an easy grasp?
It is read
c Rena
Apply or this
catch
Oh now now along with meteo cherry
What to do here
No, but
Don't
I hope I can not
Good person
I because it is quite difficult to me to have love song spoofing to good people
I'll avoid it now
I 'm not sorry.
What is the chance Murase ?
Crap watch stingray
It is unlikely determined but Re
It's not morning so much Mr. now
Alright one more shot to have
Somehow it was suppressed by 28%
It's the same situation as before but it's tough
I'm caught in anxiety stock ahead
There is a feeling of losing and it is a shame this
Jan small delicious
You can break down semi
This
Let's bear in mind
Combo cold
Yeah I stop
If you decide, that percentage doesn't matter, though
ok right hand dash not hit
Yaee guy
Ah four Teru Do It
How do you land on Falcontic
Airborne again and again is sweet or sleepiness is a partner
It is dangerous
Well wagon
Otani Pachitaizu
For first experience
Better it was lower but not fly like that
Before, every day c, because it is as powerful as smash
I feel that I have lost two consecutive games or I can not win
Opponent Mario held thank you Yabe
Abune
I think that the installation rate also goes to the left
I think I'll make a mistake
Do is to fall to the right
And Bee
It feels good
I can earn it
Mario or
Aso is quite good at
Oh sad
I see you
After all Takeda used to be born Oh Oh wood
Chalin Chalin Hafa
But it was Meyer
Yappa Kyaratchaya that you have used
This person I will continue to fine was removed Come to
I Yo you get a character I Yappa higher
Uoh
File or now
We're looking at
Mario eye shape quite like deca Inden
I bought two
There are a lot of accidents saying that it is used as a springboard
Go here
Here Aare
I like Naru coverage costs revised Toka smash 4 roles
Let's go to Hase mind, giving priority to damage.
8 f 3 star
This point is good
Eat ok from ok
See you later
Well I wonder was decided to clean